[RADIO HOST] Looking at the
forecast for the seven cities.
The sandstorm brewing in the
center of our continent has been
intensified by a pocket
of strong air currents
and is expected to
reach the west soon.
Residents in this
region are advised
to take shelter immediately.
If you live in a western city...
[VASH]
Get to the main street! Hurry!
My boy, where are you?
--Gofsef? Gofsef!
[VASH] Move!
[RADIO HOST]
Given the conditions...
[MALE SOLDIER A]
Now what?
[NEBRASKA pants]
Gone. Poor lad ran for
the hills to protect us.
That sweet soul.
[MALE SOLDIER B, NEBRASKA gasp]
[VASH gasps]
Company!
[ROSA]
Lemme get that!
[ROBERTO]
Don't go pressing buttons!
They're bombs!
[MALE SOLDIER B]
They're bombs?
Mama--!
[ROSA]
Tonis!
[VASH]
I've got ya!
Aw, jeez. It's stuck!
Keep your Hands off it!
This design means it must be the
work of that E. G. Bomber guy.
Dismantling these damn
things would take a pro.
[VASH]
Huh?
[MALE SOLDIER B]
Stay back!
Save this town!
[ALL grunt]
[VASH]
Who's this E. G. Bomber?
[ROBERTO] His real name is
Ethan Gilbert Hamilton.
Apparently, taking lives
is easy for this sicko.
But he couldn't just call
himself "easy bomber,"
had to add his stupid autograph.
And why would he
target this town?
Beats me.
So what are we supposed to do?
We're gonna have to find
the bomber himself.
If these things can
be disabled, he'll know how.
I can capture this guy for you.
In the meantime,
keep your spirits up.
We'll try.
Where is he?
I've found that freaks
like him get off at seeing
the fruits of their labor.
[grunts] So, he must be
somewhere with a good view.
[grunts]
[E.G. laughs]
[NEBRASKA grunts]
Say bye-bye, boomie!
[TOWNSMAN A]
Yeah!
[VASH gasps]
Mines, too?
[E.G.] More mines than you
could comprehend, little man.
[VASH]
E.G. Bomber.
[E. G.]
Tsk, tsk, tsk.
The man who once bore
that name is no more.
Thanks to a special someone,
I have been born anew.
[NEBRASKA, VASH gasp]
[E.G. laughs]
E.G. the Mine.
That name's much more fitting,
wouldn't you agree?
[gasps]
Now, then. I heard that you fine
folks have a treasure for me?
Come on. Why don't you point me
in the right direction, huh?
[NEBRASKA, VASH grunt]
He's after the plant!
[ALL gasp]
[VASH grunts]
[chuckles]
Bingo, baby!
[gasps]
[MERYL gasps]
You okay?
[VASH grunts]
--Hey.
--[ROBERTO] Now it's clicking.
After a few short hours hanging
around this fool you're already
swept up, up and away
into the typhoon.
Damn good nickname.
[MERYL]
What do you mean by that?
--[beeping]
--Whoa, whoa. Stay away.
Unless suicide with
a drunk sounds like
a grand ol' time to you.
Okay, blowing up
is not sui...cide.
There's an idea!
[MALE SOLDIER C]
Turn around!
There's bombs all
over the place!
Hey, you!
[VASH pants]
[TOWNSMAN B shouts]
[TONIS, ROSA gasp]
You don't need to worry, okay?
Mister Vash is gonna save us.
[E.G.]
Well, well.
[VASH]
Disable the bombs!
[VASH grunts]
[VASH]
Real original idea, buddy!
[E.G. laughs]
You already have the plant,
so your business here is done!
Now tell me how to
shut off all the bombs!
You don't get it, do you?
I'm not killing for
a chance to steal.
I'm stealing for
a chance to kill!
[E.G. laughs]
Now scream for me!
[laughing continues]
[grunts]
That's enough.
[E.G. grunts]
Damn!
[VASH, E. G. grunt]
[MERYL]
We're coming!
[ROBERTO sighs]
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp, chatter]
[E.G. grunting]
[E.G. laughs]
[VASH grunts]
Tragic fall from Humanoid
Typhoon to Humanoid Puddle!
[E.G. laughs]
[ROBERTO]
E.G. Bomber!
It's E. G. the Mine!
Get it right!
[grunts]
[E.G.] Hands off!
I'll detonate your ass!
[ROBERTO] Tell us how to
shut them off, or else.
Yeah, if we die,
then you die, too!
Off me! Now!
[VASH]
Tell us!
Out with it!
The red button on my back!
Hurry up! Push it already!
[ALL sigh]
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[ROBERTO]
Hm?
[ALL gasp]
You killed my beloved boy!
Please don't, Nebraska.
[NEBRASKA]
Get out of my way!
You would dare to
protect this maniac?
[VASH] Revenge is pointless,
trust me.
[NEBRASKA] Who the hell's
side are you on, anyway?
[E.G. grunts]
[ROBERTO, MERYL]
Huh?
[gasps]
He's here.
[ROBERTO, MERYL]
Hm?
[VASH] Don't just stand there!
Get out of town! Hurry!
[E.G. grunts]
You're mine!
[E.G.]
Whoopsies!
[E.G. laughs]
Nice shot!
[VASH]
What are you doing? Run!
[ROBERTO]
Aye, aye, cap!
--[MERYL] He got away!
--[ROBERTO] Just run, newbie!
[MERYL]
You heard him!
[gasps]
[E.G. chuckles]
He's finally here!
[E.G.] Master, you grace me
with your presence!
[E.G. laughs]
[E.G.] Your power is immense,
Master Knives.
[KNIVES inhales]
Have you ever wondered...
...what it's like to
speak with a god?
[KNIVES]
Vash... It's been so long.
I see you're still lugging
around that gun.
Why are you here?
[KNIVES laughs]
For the plant, or...?
[KNIVES]
I'm taking it back.
It belongs to me, or rather,
it belongs to us.
[VASH]
I won't let you.
That would be a death sentence
for the entire town!
[KNIVES laughs]
You won't let me?
Whose side are you on?
It must feel nice.
Stunning the masses
with your tricks,
collecting their
cries of adoration.
Does their praise cure it?
The loneliness?
Listen to yourself!
All these years and you're
exactly the same!
[KNIVES]
How amusing.
I was thinking the same of you.
[gasps]
[KNIVES] You can't even
control your gate yet?
Nai...? Nai?
[KNIVES]
So long, Vash.
[NEBRASKA pants]
[NEBRASKA] Are you bomb
boy's big boss? Die!
[gasps]
Nai? Oh, no!
[grunts]
Come out, come out, big cheese.
[NEBRASKA]
Huh?
[NEBRASKA gasps]
[VASH]
Run, Nebraska!
[NEBRASKA yells]
[VASH]
You're okay.
We need help!
Hang in there.
Stop this, Nai! Stop this!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chatter]
[CONRAD]
Up ahead.
[TOWNSWOMEN pant]
You aren't gettin' any closer!
I'll shoot, y'hear!
[TOWNSWOMEN gasp]
Step aside. The odds are
not in your favor, ma'am.
[KNIVES]
Doctor. You decided to show up.
Good timing.
Recover that which is mine.
[CONRAD]
Hm.
[KNIVES]
I'll take care of this.
[ROSA grunts]
We'll "take care" of you!
[TOWNSWOMEN gasp]
[yells]
[BOTH gasp]
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
Rosa!
[gasps, whimpers]
[ROSA gasps]
[KNIVES]
There you are.
[ROSA gasps]
[VASH]
Nai!
Come here and talk to me!
Put the plant down!
[chuckles]
You'll have to choose a side
at some point, you know.
[gasps]
[MERYL] Are you sure we're
going the right way?
[ROBERTO]
Focus on climbing.
Don't wanna die
by falling, newbie.
Great, so no.
You're totally lost, aren't you?
Tonis? Whatcha doing here?
Mama said to
hide out for awhile.
So, she's still in there.
Uh-oh.
How could you?
[KNIVES] \
Because I'm still me.
And you're still living
off empty words.
[VASH]
Quiet!
[KNIVES]
Just stand back and watch.
Watch them all perish.
[gasps]
Chance number two.
Put the plant down!
[KNIVES]
You would shoot me?
Your own big brother?
[laughs]
[gasps]
[KNIVES laughs]
[KNIVES] Long ago, God rained
fire onto the city of fools.
Destruction was a small price
to pay for their depravity.
[gasps]
Don't, Nai.
[KNIVES] God cleansed what man
had sullied, just as I will now.
This world will be
a blank slate.
The city... Rosa,
you've gotta get outta here!
[ELENDIRA]
Quickly, now.
[gasps]
[VASH]
Come on!
[KNIVES laughs]
[VASH gasps]
Why? How could he?
--[TONIS shouts]
--[MERYL] Tonis, no!
Why here? Why now?
Why do it, Nai? Why?!
[ROBERTO grunts]
[ROBERTO] Hey, you're tougher
than I thought.
[MERYL grunts]
You might look like total hell,
but you're a lucky one.
Congrats. If you want
to be a good journalist,
dumb luck is a necessity.
[MERYL gasps]
[MERYL]
Hey, Vash! Rosa!
[TOWNSPEOPLE sob]
[MERYL gasps]
Poor little guy.
[ROSA]
They took everything.
Our plant, our people, our town.
Our luck's run out.
[VASH]
Rosa...
He's your brother, yeah?
You share blood
with that monster?
[gasps]
I promise, I'm gonna bring
that plant back to you!
Whatever it takes, I'll do it!
Get outta my sight.
And get the hell outta my town.
If you hadn't stumbled
your way into the diner,
this disaster never
would've happened.
You would be wise not to
show your face here again,
Humanoid Typhoon.
[VASH sighs]
[MERYL gasps]
[ROBERTO sighs]
[MERYL pants]
Hey, Vash!
Vash!
Wait up!
Come on!
[MERYL gasps]
[MERYL] Are you okay?
That was a lot just now.
[VASH]
Hm.
[MERYL] I don't get it.
How can you just smile?
[VASH]
Easy.
Because I don't deserve to cry.
[MERYL]
Where are you going?
[VASH]
East.
[MERYL gasps]
East, where?
[VASH] About as far as it gets,
to the third city, JuLai.
That's where I'll find him.